Alfie's paper brought up a lot of feelings that I did not realize I had about grading. There have been several instances where I have been nervous to take a class in fear of failing, and instances where I have gotten so stressed out about what my final grade is going to be that I focus so hard on memorizing everything I can rather than taking the time to actually understand the meaning behind it all. In these instances, if there had been less emphasis from the teachers/professors (and even my mom) on assignment and exam grades, maybe I would have been able to relax more and absorb the information being presented to me. I look back at a lot of my undergraduate classes like organic chemistry, physics, and all the classes that are rumored to be impossible and I honestly cannot remember a lot. I believe that this is due to the fact that I was putting so much pressure on myself to get a good grade (and feeling the pressure to not look dumb infront of my professor/classmates) that I was too stressed out and preoccupied to just enjoy what I was being taught. This makes me have a sense of regret because I look back on those classes and wish I could remember more. 

We always hear about how countries in Europe have done away with standardized testing and other tasks that are still very common in America, and we hear about how successful it is. Just recently I met a foreign exchange student from Italy at my sister’s high school and the running joke in the friend group was what a joke he thought high school was in America. I believe that this is due to the issue around having tons of standardized tests and so much pressure being placed on keeping your grades up so you can participate in athletics, get into college, and be successful. I think grades make students feel pressured to always be the best at everything. This is unrealistic, and I feel that it creates a space where students are afraid that if they don’t get a good grade that they will not be successful. A common phrase that people say a lot that I think reflects this thinking is “so and so is really smart but they did not do good in school” -- so many people have the belief that your success and intelligence is directly related to getting all A’s, and I do not think that is accurate.

If grades were to be removed my motivation would come from wanting to be able to take in information and apply it to all sorts of different situations. I think I would have a totally different perspective on school and the fear of finding a job after graduation because I would feel confident that I could actually apply my knowledge rather than just regurgitate facts that nobody will ever ask about. I also believe that if grades were removed I would feel much more motivated to try things that I might not be good at the first time. I would likely feel more encouraged to keep going when I fail, and therefore be encouraged to gather more and more knowledge. 
